{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red33\green34\blue36;\red50\green50\blue50;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c17251\c17803\c18802;\cssrgb\c25587\c25587\c25587;
}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implant Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures.\
\
Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Smile-Whitening\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve.\
\
Plastic whitening trays will be made from models of your teeth. You will then place a special whitening gel in each tray and wear the trays in your mouth for several hours per day. (Many patients wear their trays after dinner and before bed.) A significant change in tooth color is usually seen in just four to six weeks.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Dentures\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 A well made denture is not only comfortable and functions properly; it also allows the wearer to smile with confidence, knowing that their smile is no different than it would be with natural teeth. Creating a cosmetic denture is really an art in the hands of a skilled dentist like Dr. Piccolo.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Sleep Apnea Treatment\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Obstructive sleep apnea occurs when the airway completely collapses, blocking airflow into the lungs. The harder one tries to breathe, the tighter the airway seals. This airway obstruction persists until the brain partially awakens the person, unconsciously closing the jaw and returning the tongue and throat to a normal position.\
\
We offer effective, nonsurgical relief from sleep apnea and other sleep-related disorders\'97including snoring. Ask us how you can get the restful, healthy sleep you\'92ve been missing.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 Invisalign\'ae Orthodontics\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 These \'93invisible\'94 aligners are the latest in orthodontic technology for adults and teens. Straight teeth and a revitalized smile no longer need to come from a mouth full of unattractive wire and bracket braces. Enhancing self-esteem and physical confidence, invisible braces offer an esthetic and barely visible alternative to conventional wire/bracket braces.\
\
Get the smile you've always wanted with Invisalign\'ae Orthodontics.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa90\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Cosmetic Restorations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa90\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf4 \strokec2 Dental aesthetic restoration is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction, and make you look years younger. Crowns, veneers, tooth-colored porcelain fillings, and bonding are common techniques for dental restoration. We will recommend the best option for your case to restore your tooth to its full functionality and give you the beautiful smile you deserve.\uc0\u8203 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Family Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 From children to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help you and your family develop great oral habits that will last a lifetime.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa90\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 TMJ Treatment\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 If you suffer from headaches or pain, clicking or popping while chewing, there may be problems with your temporomandibular joint (or TMJ). Call us today to schedule a free TMJ treatment consultation.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Porcelain Veneers\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Veneers are very thin porcelain pieces that are custom made to adhere directly to the front of teeth without grinding or shaving. Transform your smile without drilling on your natural teeth!\
\
In the hands of a highly skilled dentist, porcelain laminates can provide you with an incredibly natural, beautiful smile. They are virtually undetectable and can dramatically improve your appearance. They are durable and long-lasting when compared to other cosmetic treatments.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Headache Relief\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Our TruDenta\'ae headache relief system combines sports medicine and dentistry in a non-invasive, drug-free treatment to heal constant migraine and headache pain. Contact us today to find out how this treatment can change your life!}