{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Meet Our Team\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf2 \strokec3 Cindy - Office Receptionist\
\pard\pardeftab560\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 Hi my name is Cindy. I moved here nineteen years ago from Illinois, to escape the cold winters. I have three wonderful children and I\'92m very blessed with 4 beautiful grandchildren. My newest family member is my sweet puppy Mitzy. I will be the first and last face you see when you visit our office. I am very fortunate to have been able to join Dr. Piccolo\'92s fantastic team. I look forward to getting to know you on your next visit.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \strokec3 Johnnie - Office Manager\
\pard\pardeftab560\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 My love for dentistry began thirty one years ago in Northern California. Working as a registered dental assistant and office manager. After moving to the hottest place on the plant! I was lucky enough to join Dr Piccolo\'92s team. Together we share a passion to provide genuine quality care to our patients. When I\'92m not working, I enjoy spending time with my husband, five children and five grandchildren. We love to BBQ, watch football and basketball. As well as spending time with my three dogs and two ferrets.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \strokec3 Amber - Dental Hygienist\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec3 I moved to Phoenix from Atlanta, GA in 2003. I graduated from Fortis College, Summa Cum Laude, with my degree in Dental Hygiene, and I am also a graduate of Arizona State University. Go Devils!\
\
During my free time, I enjoy spending time with my family, friends, and pets. I have two Rottweiler\'92s, Jasper and Willow, who keep me busy when I am not helping my patients improve their oral hygiene. I also enjoy gardening, playing cards, and traveling to Georgia to see my adorable niece and nephew.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \strokec3 \
Yazmine - Dental Assistant\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec3 Hello beautiful Arizona! My name is Yazmine. I am Dr. Piccolo newest team member and his dental assistant. I have been assisting for over fifteen years. I\'92m originally from San Diego, CA. I have two great kids and two dogs, one pug and one Chinese crested - they are my loves. I decided to move here to follow my best friend (my sister) and her family. I\'92m very happy and love my new job. I look forward to providing our patients with excellent caring service. Welcome to our beautiful office I look forward to meeting.}